So you brothers, how long have you been
doing boxing? Uh, I've been doing boxing
since I was a kid, honestly. 14 years
old. Yeah, I've been doing it for a
while. What made you get into boxing? I
used I used to do it cuz I used to fight
in school. I used to fight streets,
street fights. And Allah says in the
Quran, if he was harsh with them, they
would run away from you. So I want to
apologize if I made you feel like No,
no, no. It's we we are family. Yeah.
Yeah. It's all right. I just want to
know though what like what made you what
made you want to just like the first
thing like what made you want to do the
videos like what made you want to speak
out I'm curious I was
curious Allah says you are busy with the
worldly
competition until you visit the graves
and then Allah says no surely you're
going to know
these are the last night. And today is
the 27th night, guys. If you want to
maximize your good deeds, do two things.
Number one, download the Quran app and
build a habit reading the Quran daily.
It's the most fantastic app in the world
when it comes to habit reading with the
Quran in number
two for the mats that we have our salah
project guys, which is a charity.
Alhamdulillah. We're printing 50,000 of
these in Italian, German, French,
Spanish, Portuguese, Albanian, and
English. And we're going to be
distributing them to da tables, mosques,
prisons, isox all over the place.
Inshallah you can help teach someone how
to do wudoo how to pray salah entire
salah learn surah fat and every time
they do this and it outlives a water
well every time they do this for the
rest of their life of 20 30 50 60 70
years and ongoing when they teach their
kids it's ongoing donating our brother
and sisters may Allah bless and preserve
you guys enjoy the video with slim and
Adamalam brothers and sisters and dear
friends hope you guys are well inshallah
before I pray before I start I want to
praise Allah subhanaa tala the most
merciful the most just or praise his
glory and gratitude belong to him Allah
subhana wa t'ala invited us to his lands
alhamdulillah we've come here and we've
had surprise over surprise and I've been
a Muslim for 11 years and I was thinking
to myself out those 11 years I never
thought to myself to come to the holy
lands for the last 10 nights I just
didn't think of it subhan Allah and we
got invited for said why don't you guys
come you know and I was like I'm busy
doing the live streaming every day every
day cuz we as you guys know we are
raising funds for our project which is
the salahuh project where got the guided
prayer mats. Uh if I can have it guys
quickly. Oh yeah, there it is.
Inshallah. And basically we're printing
50,000 of those mats this year, brothers
and sisters. In seven different
languages, um Italian, Portuguese,
German, Spanish, um French, Albanian,
and English, inshallah. We printed
50,000. We're going to distribute it to
tables, mosques, prisons, and different
places, inshallah. So if you guys would
like to donate, the link will be there.
100 pounds will teach 10 to 30 people.
They will learn how to do wudoo. they
will learn how to pray salah and they
will learn inshallah surah faty. Yeah.
So he invited us and I said I can't but
then I thought to myself you know what
let me just go let me just meet the
brothers. So we came here with the team
and I didn't even know cuz I didn't know
Adam Salah and Slim's going to be here.
So then I see a picture. I'm like yo is
that Adam Salah? I was like yo is that
Slim? I saw it and I was like, yo, like
to me, alhamdulillah, it was a surprise
or a surprise because I've been meaning
to meet the brothers for such a long
time and I thought, subhan Allah, we
wanted to I've been wanting to meet him
in London. I was even willing to go into
America, different places. But the fact
that Allah subhanaa tala allowed it to
happen in the holy lands and I thought
to myself, it's a perfect opportunity
because at the end of the day, the
Muslims are are but brothers. We are
brothers. You get what I'm trying to
say? And uh Allah says in the Quran uh
believers are those who are harsh
towards the enemies of Islam and soft
towards each other inshallah. Um so yeah
I met them. So here they are saying
finally come on come on my got answered.
What are you mad and come on in? So
we're here with the brothers but I'm not
going to get straight into it like that.
I want I want to talk about I just want
to just talk about something casual cuz
I don't want to get into straight like
religious. Let's take a step back. I
want to talk about boxing. Yeah. Okay.
All right. All right. Send send me
location. I'm joking. I don't want to I
don't want to be put to sleep. Okay. I
know I like my sleep, but not that kind
of sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Alhamdulillah. So
you brothers, how long you been doing
boxing? Uh I've been doing boxing since
I was a kid, honestly. 14 years old.
Yeah. I've been doing it for a while.
What made you get into boxing? I used I
used to do it cuz I used to fight in
school. I used to fight streets, street
fights, you know, stuff like that. I
used to Okay. So I I just got into
boxing. I loved it. Okay. So
interesting. What about you? And me um
uh I started boxing honestly uh in 2019
only recently only for six years. And uh
uh I had an opportunity to fight to
raise the money for Yemen and that was
the charity event we did in London, York
Hall and I that's when I fought uh me
and did an event in New York and I
fought against Fousey and that was that
was my first ever fight. Yeah, that was
2019. That was my first ever fight. But
I won that fight as a major underdog and
I just fell in love with the sport. His
son. Wow, that's fantastic, man. That's
good. And you're from Yemen. And as well
also Prince Nasim Muhammed, he inspired
us. He's from the UK. From the UK. He
from Yemen. He's from Yemen, too. Yeah.
Yeah. Pakistani. He's from Yemen. Oh,
he's from Yemen. Yeah. Yeah, he came to
watch us fight too in our in our second
fight. We we had a fight in Dubai and uh
uh his sons follow us on Instagram and
we spoke to them and they came they flew
out from London to Dubai to come watch
us fight live which is amazing honestly.
That was like a dream too like watching
our childhood hero fight. He watched us
fighting uh live in Dubai. So that was
amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I'm into
boxing as well. I mean I've always been
into it here and there though. Nothing
professional. Uh just for fitness. Nice.
I like that. Yeah. I love I love it,
man. I Yeah. Yeah. Remember you saw that
left hook? Oh. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. So, I've been into it. I just love
the most. It's just um like here and
there, but I don't do anything
professional level, but it's fitness. I
just love it. Subhan Allah. Yeah. So,
that's interesting. Alhamdulillah. So,
tell us a bit about yourself, man.
What's your hobbies? What do you like
doing in a Tell me tell me how your
routine is. I know the boxing. Put the
boxing aside. What does Slim do in this
day? When you wake up, what do you do?
My daily life, man. Honestly, uh I'm
into a lot of sports. I play a lot of
basketball. You do basketball as well?
Yeah. Yeah, I play basketball, boxing. I
like to run. Go on runs. It's good for
your mind, you know. Uh uh healthy for
you, you know. Um hanging out with
family. Yeah. Uh I don't know. What's
your favorite food? Food food. My
favorite food? Yeah. I like butter
chicken. Butter chicken? Yeah. Butter
chicken. Yeah. Curry. I love it. I love
it. I love it. I like Turkish food, too.
I'm not going to lie. Turkish food is I
like Japanese. Japanese. I love Japanese
food, too. I'm Kurdish from Turkey, so
I've had enough of it. You speak
Turkish? Yes. Yeah. Fluent? Yes.
What? It means how are you? Oh, that's
so your nationality is Turkish. I'm
Kurdish from Turkey. Kurdish from
Turkey. Kurdish. From Turkey. Have you
ever been back home or No, I have. So,
there's Kurds. The Kurds are uh in
Turkey, Iran, Iraq, Syria, and there's a
few other places. Yeah. But they don't
have their own land. Oh. Oh. Long story.
Yeah. What about you? Um I'm mostly with
my family. I'm like my parents. I'm
mostly like a family person. When I wake
up in the morning, I'm nieces and
nephews all over my house. You like like
spending time like with family? I'm
always with family or slim. Either
family or slim. Yeah, family or slim.
Literally every
day. Yeah. For real. We're going to come
about family because I was talking to
you about that as well. We was talking
about like what is family? Like to us
when we talk about family, we we were
talking about for example a lot of
people say um blood is thicker than
water which is true. Yeah. Just imagine
the people back in the day when they
would have to travel certain distances
for months or even years. What is one
thing that they would carry with them?
The Quran. Why? because they did not
have it on their mobile devices or their
gadgets. Brothers and sisters, imagine
you have a app, the Qurani app, which
not only shows you how much rewards you
get, but reminds you to read the Quran,
gives you reminders. Download the Quran
app now and let it testify for you on
your Makyama that you read it wherever
you was. Your your family come before
anyone else. Do you get it? Your
friends, etc. Blood Blood is thicker
than water. Have you heard that
statement before? Yeah. Yeah. Good. As
Muslims with us is a little bit
difficult which we say that im is
thicker than blood. So blood is thicker
than water. Yes. Family come first. Iman
is thicker than blood. Why do I say
that? Because to us like you watch like
for the past 10 years me and back and
forth whatever whatever and then you
came in and then consiliation all that
kind of stuff. Alhamdulillah Allah came
in in Mecca and you know alhamdulillah
it brought us even closer inshallah. But
people think just because you advise
someone or you have a bit of a dispute,
it's like you are sworn enemies in it
doesn't work like that. You get the fact
that when I first saw you Yeah. Yeah.
There wasn't like, yo, listen man, we
need I need to talk to you. It's not
that. The moment I saw you, bro, we're
love. Why? Because you're a brother. You
get it? I can't be having that deep. It
doesn't work that in Islam. You cannot
be having deep rooted hatred for
somebody. Do you get what I'm trying to
say? And when you look into the Quran,
Alisam, for example, he was given dawa
to his people for 950 years. Brother,
950 years. I've been given dawa for 11
years and sometimes I'm just fed up.
Like in the sense where I'm like it's
difficult, brother. You speak to
someone, they're like a knucklehead,
bro. Do you get it? Yeah. I'm thinking
950 years. You're telling a group of
people worship Allah. Stop worshiping
idols. Don't do this. Don't do that. So
the fact that he's doing it for 950
years, then Allah orders him to build
the boat. Yeah. And the mushik are
walking past and laughing. No, what on
earth are you doing building a boat?
what's going to happen. So he carries on
tells him carry on and then when he
builds the boat and the people the
believers are on there say and then the
Allah sends the the the flood. Yeah.
Noam's the wife and brother I mean son
are they not blood? Yeah they were on
they were on the boat though right? They
wasn't blood they okay they get drowned.
Yeah. Nowam he sees a son and he goes,
"My son, come on the ship because Allah
is about to destroy everyone." He says,
"No, I'm going to go to the highest
mountain and save myself." So he gets
drowned. Now Alam made a dua before
that. He said, "Oh Allah, save me and my
family." Now in in in the head of Mu
Alam obviously he's asking he's
thinking, I made the dua and Allah is
going to save me and my family. But
Allah subhana t gets a bit angry with
Muhammad and he says to him, "No, your
family are the believers. your family is
not your son or your um wife. So the
reason I'm mentioning this is
because to me I have non-Muslim family
members. You guys are more of a family
than they are. And it might sound a bit
cold but that's the reality because when
you look into the battle of bad there
were
313 Muslims against three times amount
thousand plus mushikin. Now you've got
some people on the side of the Muslims
that are looking ahead in a war zone.
You know you you get the face to face in
there. Yeah. It's more cold than that.
They're about to kill each other. Yeah.
And they can see their father and they
can see their brother. They can see
their uncle and they can see their son.
Yeah. So you think to
yourself but they're
family because in this instance iman
faith comes before blood. So to me
anyone for example we are closer to that
you trying to say I see this this is
what true family is because when push
comes to shove believe me that family
members who are and I'm not saying all
of them are the same you get it but they
will turn against you it's only the
people of faith im who will stick by
each other because Allah talks about in
Quran it says they were persecuting they
were killing a group of believers they
had no guilt except they said
So the reason I'm mentioning this is
because people are going to watch you
and be like, "Yo, but you know done this
upside down brother." It doesn't work.
It doesn't work where you come from
start you can give a seal. You get it?
And I know sometimes I was harsh and I
asked you for forgiveness. No, of
course. Same here. Same here. My
attitude it was I was passionate but the
passion could come across as pushing me
further away. And Allah says in the
Quran of the prophetam if he was harsh
with them they would run away from me.
So I want to apologize if I made you
feel that. No no
no. We we we are family. Yeah. Yeah.
It's all right. I just want to know
though what like what made you what made
you want to just like the first thing
like what made you want to do the videos
like like what made you want to speak
out? Yeah. I'm curious. I was cursed. I
come from I've been Muslim to 11 years.
I've lived the problem in the party in
the So So you were early Muslim when I I
became a Muslim when I was 23. So you
were like a early Muslim when that time
at the time you were early. Yeah. Yeah.
So so around the age of 23 I became a
Muslim. Yeah. So, I come from a
lifestyle of this party and these girls
and all this kind of stuff, but I was
lost. And when you're lost, you know,
it's like being in a dark room. Yeah.
And in a dark room, you don't know
colors. You don't know light. You're
just It's just dark and you don't you
can't see anything. Yeah. In that dark
room, when you've been there for such a
long time, when you see a little dot of
light, you're like, "Yo,
what is that?" You see, it's like hope.
Use that little dot. You're like, "Yo,
where is that light?" And when that
light grows, you appreciate because you
know what darkness if it's like you
don't know what is beautiful until
you've seen what's ugly. So when I come
from that lifestyle, bro, and I know
what that kind of lifestyle does to
somebody and how it destroys them.
Sometimes as revers we come a bit too
strong, a bit too passionate, a bit too
um zealous. Sometimes we don't
calculate. So what happens is I'm like,
yo, I've lived that lifestyle and that's
ruined people's lives and I know how it
made me feel and I was happy. So what
happens is sometimes when we see people
intentionally walk up and be like I'm
going to do
this journey.
So when I saw that I was like let me
reach out to this when you tried to
privately get in contact with me. So
they never got contact with the ex
manager that's Yeah. Yeah. And I was
like bro like can we meet? Yeah. And I
know from your angle which is true
there's a lot of people clap chasing us.
So you're thinking listen this guy just
another guy trying to get attention off
my name and and you're you're not wrong.
It could come across like that. But me,
it was a genuine like bro if I can sit
down and speak with this guy when you
communicate in someone like for example
you will notice like are you you guys
are married or not married?
You get married you will realize there's
disputes that happen between your wife
me and my wife don't get into arguments
and it's because of miscommunication but
when I sit with her face to face and I
go listen I didn't mean that she's but I
thought you said this okay sorry I
didn't see that. That's why I wanted to
sit down. But of whatever happened
happened. Do you get it? But it was
coming from a place where I was like, I
don't want anyone else going down that
route. Not for you, nor for the people
that's following you. What was that?
What was it? Like what what made you
like what was that doing though? Like
what? So So to me it was like for
example like when you had for example
girls chasing you, a certain specific
lifestyle here, music, um other stuff
which I don't want to Yeah. going to I
felt like he was promoting a specific
lifestyle which I believed would
misguide other people. So when I was
looking at that lifestyle I live that
lifestyle destroy these youngsters and I
knew he was an influence because you
doing the daily vlogs etc. You know I
remember you know having a great day and
if I'm having a great day have a great
day you talking about subscribers so so
I saw the positivity I saw what we
trying to do etc. But there was certain
things to us um when we're trying our
best to practice like you might look at
something and be like what's the big
deal bro like what's the big deal to us
I'm like for example music I've never
done drugs alcohol drinking like I've
tried alcohol but I've never like become
drunk I never done these things but I
know what music does to me remember what
music used to do to me yeah so to me
even the issue of music was like but
there was just so many elements of stuff
happening was like okay I'm trying to
reach out to He doesn't want to know
like how else do I communicate to him
because the sin that's being done if it
was private no problem. Yeah. But that's
between you and your lord. But when it's
public in in my head I'm like okay this
is going to affect people because what
you're doing if it was to you or what
was doing whoever it is for that matter.
Yeah. If I go out now as Ali let's
suppose may Allah protect me I go and
say u you know what if you I don't know
you can drink 2%. I don't know. It's a
duty upon the people to say you love Ali
Ali. He's wrong. Fak say no no no you
can drink alcohol. Well, hold on a
second. Now what you're doing doesn't
just harm you. You are now promoting it
to others. You're saying yeah guys drink
some alcohol. I have to be giving msia
privately. If private doesn't work I
have to or not me. I have to be
responded to publicly by saying brother
this our brother what he's doing. That's
where it was coming from. No, no. I
appreciate you. Honestly, even at the
time, I was young. I was uh I was I was
arrogant. I'm 31 now. 31. Yeah. I'm I'm
35. 35. Mah, you look you look younger.
24. M. No, you look you look way
younger. I was I was I was arrogant, you
know. I was young. I was like, "Yo, why
I got to meet Ali? Why I got to meet
him? Who is he?" But honestly, you you
did you did um uh you did help me wake
up. So, what you did you did help me. It
didn't like Yeah, it it didn't harm me.
It did. I was like, "Yo, maybe I am." It
made me think and that's what I wanted.
Yeah. So you honestly did help me
honestly. My witness never ever wanted
to hunt. I just was like wo just if you
just take the even a little bit. Yeah.
Like you know it's just that was it. And
I was just torn between people like you
know like people being misguided
unintentionally and it's it's such a
hard thing but you know what it is with
these videos is that I don't have I
don't wake up and go listen today. It
wasn't like that. Yeah, bro. Somebody
will send me something. I will send
something.
Please. No. When people come and see me,
not just you. Anyway, you shoot. I was
like, I wish you never told me. I never
heard it. So, it's not my
responsibility. Yeah. When it comes, I'm
like, oh, bro, I don't want to go there.
But it's like I was waiting here so I
don't have to. Okay, good. That's And
then nobody's talking about Yeah. At the
time though, I'm not going to lie, like
when you were making those videos like
cuz it would send like a huge like hate
train towards us. You know what I mean?
like in every single day we'll get
messages. Sometimes we'll see people in
public like and and I remember Adam used
to feel when you used to make those
videos but I I always knew like now that
I think about like I always knew you
always had good heart and good
intention. So like why don't we think
about it but we do appreciate what you
do you know especially for the young
kids that are watching and seeing what
like what was done wrong. So like we do
appreciate it but at the time like I
don't know like it kind of like pushed
us away a little bit you know it was new
to us. It was new to us to us but at the
same time it did it it woke me up. You
know what I'm saying? Even some people
in my family like my mom, my brother was
like, "Yo, you should listen to him.
He's he's he's a Muslim brother." You
know what I'm saying? So, I do
appreciate that and I'm sorry for being
arrogant and not wanting to meet you or
see you. Wa I and if I like like I don't
know came at you or said something. I'm
sorry. Well, I apologize and I hope you
forgive me for no we did the podcast
together. Remember we did the podcast
together and you guys were going at it a
little bit and I was trying to be like
the mediator. But you said one thing
that kind of stood out to me when you
told me how like you became like when
you became Muslim used to like hide hide
to pray in front of your family cuz your
your family hated Islam. Is that was And
um Okay, let me let me Yeah, talk about
it. Talk about it. It was a little deep.
It was so deep when you told me that.
Yeah. So to me actually um I when I
first came to Islam, my dad hates Islam.
So my family they hate Islam even though
I look
Muslim. So my family come from a part of
Turkey where they've been persecuted by
Sunni Muslims. My dad's an atheist. My
mom's side is then sick of Do you still
see your dad or No, no, no, no. I see
him. I see him. But he's better now.
It's been 11 years, but you you'll judge
what better means. Yeah. Yeah. So I hid
it from him. So before I came to Islam,
I used to try to fast. I was fasting.
One day I used I used to work with him.
We used to do wholesale. He used to sell
alcohol. Yeah. So I used to I used to be
the one with I used to drive and sell.
Yeah. Yeah. managed to sell alcohol.
Wow. Wow. That's crazy, man. You got to
forgive me. Yeah. Okay. All right.
That's two facts. Only God judge me.
Okay. Also said I'm not a killer, but
don't push me. Yeah.
So, so, so you see you see this. You
see, you see this side to me. This is
this is what I am. I'm not making up.
When they look at me like police, he
doesn't. No. You're actually a sweet,
sweet person in person. But when you see
the videos, you're like, "Oh, this guy's
coming up." But in person, you're
actually a purearted man.
So my dad died, I was driving one day
and I was fasting. So my dad's like,
I've been I've been interested in Islam
and I tried to tell him, you know, dad,
Islam, you need to shut me down. Shut
up. Like what are you talking about
Islam? So one day I'm I'm fasting. So my
dad, I'm driving, my dad's driving. I'm
sat next to him and he goes, "You
haven't eaten in a day." Take that
drink. What if you take take this drink?
I'm looking at the water. I'm trying
fasting out. Yeah. Yeah. I said, "No,
I'm not thirsty." My dad started
clocking his head. He's like, "Drink the
water." Like, "Bye, I'm not thirsty." He
goes, "Drink that water." He stuck with
me different. He knew I was fasting. So,
he's like, "Oh, he was going to look
ballistic." He's like, "If you don't
drink that water, my dad's about to get
a left right hook." So, I drank it. But
the thing is, my dad's not evil. My
dad's a bad experience. So, when I came
to Islam, I had to hide that I was
praying. I couldn't I couldn't tell him.
Anytime it would come, my mom would be
on the watch out. I remember that. So,
so my mom would tell me, "Oh, that's
break prayer." So, I would have to break
my prayer. Wow. So, he found out I was
doing da cuz to me it was like prayer is
personal. If he finds out I'm doing da
Yeah. Like, so he found out a bit later.
But I can remember one day
um I was something happened.
Something happened. Uh and I can
remember I got angry just like a little
family dispute. I got angry. and I went
upstairs and I went to uh pray. So when
I was praying my dad I didn't I didn't
think about it. My dad came um upstairs
but I didn't know it was my dad. So I'm
in prayer. I'm praying and every time my
dad uh comes I I broke my prayer but wow
this moment when he came so I'm praying
and he goes what are you doing? So
imagine I'm in prayer. Imagine you're in
prayer and the person that you're most
scared of is coming to you and saying,
"What are you doing?" So I'm like, "Bro,
my
prayer." And I was like, "Bro, fine
enough. Just I'm just going to pray."
Yeah. Oh, I cannot explain to you how I
felt. It's just mixture of maybe, you
know, when you're going to the ring.
Yeah.
Fear. It's like, "Oh, what's going to
happen?" Nervous. Fear. You're so
nervous. I said, "Do I pray? Do I not?"
Bro, worst thing is after he said, "What
are you doing?" And I'm not answering.
He walks next to the church, sits down
and he's staring at me. He's like this.
Yeah. And I could see him and I'm
praying, but I'm like, bro, you know
when you sayamlaykum
that salam is is direct looking at me.
Oh wow. And I'm just likeam looking down
and I thought, you know what? At that
point, I thought, you know what, he's
quiet. Maybe I thought something sign
changes his heart. You know, when you
have hope, you're like, you know what?
You
looked at me, don't you ever do that in
my house. Wow. that that that's
destroyed me cuz I was like cuz you know
I made I asked Allah to guide him and
when you see that bro it's like maybe
there's no hope for me but you never can
lose hope so to me I come from that
because my dad when I first came to
Islam he kicked me out the house you
know for 3 months I live with you know
man I lived with him for I left with him
for 3 months. Wow. So what made you want
to become Muslim in the first place?
first place actually because at the age
of um 20 21 some people they realize
it's late in their 30s I've got friends
are still clubbing and partying brother
at the age of 21 22 I was like bro is
this more to life every week bro I used
to go clubbing in central London every
single week clubbing club and partying
this that and I was about is this it can
remember and this reminds me of the
Quran I am um Allah says in the Quran
like have you seen the one who has
multiple masters compared to the one who
has one master so Allah's given the
parable of your one master is Allah and
your multiple masters can be anybody. So
imagine for example bro um I've got
three masters let's say you slim and
another person I'm sitting here goes yo
stand up I'm like okay you go yo sit
down I'm like okay next man goes you
know what do your leg up bro what you
want from me stand up should I sit down
and put my leg up now get when you have
multiple masters it means that for
example it's like the dun back in the
days bro I would go and work extra hours
to look nice nice clothes nice cars go
to the gym to look good for the girls
reality
clubing, partying. So I was like, bro, I
was a slave to all of these things. They
were my lord. Wow. They were my lord.
And I can remember I used to go clubbing
and I used to have a specific jumper I
used to wear. Yeah. I believed I look
really handsome in it. I know people are
wearing it now. Yeah. So I believe I
look really good in it. But bro, I hated
this jumper, bro. It's you know that
material that makes you itch. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I hated. And when I wear,
you know, when you wear the long sleeves
so it doesn't touch your skin, then it
gets too hot and you're in the club.
Yeah. 50 cents haram. Come on. Yeah. It
gets hot, bro. So, I was looking I'm
thinking, bro, and
oh, these are your masters, bro. If you
think about it, you worship them, bro.
You go and do extra hours. You worship
money so you can have a lifestyle to
impress that girl. So, you can take a
club in and whatever, whatever,
whatever. Then you go and wear a jumper
that you cannot even control yourself.
And that jumper is your master. Just so
you could book in them. Bro, girls that
wear 9 in heels and go outside in a mini
skirt and it's freezing cold, bro.
You're telling me I speak to them in we
do that one? Yeah. I tell them, you
really telling me that you wake up in
the morning or whenever, spend 2 hours
getting ready with your fake eyelashes
that if you blink too much, you're going
to start flying. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No,
it's true. Yeah. And the makeup, the
makeup is big as lie. Yeah, brother.
When they take the makeup off, it's uh
day and night. And then you wear these
heels and you're telling me you choose
to do that? No, you don't. You do it cuz
of the beauty industry. You do it to the
opposite gender. I was like that. I'm
wearing a jumper looking. We're doing
this. Why so him and him and him and
him. And when we go on holidays, it's
like, "Yeah, look at me. This that." I'm
doing it for myself, bro. I'm doing it
so I can show Nick. Look at how I'm
living it to show my ex. Hey, listen.
We're missing out. Yeah. I'm living it.
You're not even doing it for yourself.
And guess what? When you when you die,
do you think they're going to remember
you? They're not. So I when I came to
Islam and living that lifestyle bro I
was like you know when I took my shahada
I it's like somebody had me in chains
and I broke those dreams. Wow. And I was
like you know what from now on my only
master is who Allah. And you know what
happens bro? I don't care who thinks
what of me. Like a couple of years ago
people thought like for example I get
paid by YouTube. I wasn't getting paid
by YouTube for six years seven years
because of the ads were haram. Yeah.
Yeah. And I used to do Uber. Yeah. Back
in the days bro, I won't tell anybody
I'm doing Uber. That's something like
big I'm doing Uber, but I drive I was
renting a Toyota Prius. Pris not a
decent car. There's nothing wrong with,
you know. Do you know why I openly say
that? I don't care what people think of
me, bro. I don't care. But I drive I was
doing Uber. I I I was actually had some
debt. Yeah. And um the the the I didn't
even own. I was I was renting it. You
know why? Because once you come to
Islam, bro, and when you make Allah your
lord, you break those shackles and you
become a slave to Allah. But guess what
though? I was already a slave to the
girls and the partying and the money.
The only thing that's changed is this. I
went from false gods to the true god.
And when you do that, what happens is
you get this freedom where you're like,
"Brother, I don't care who thinks fuck."
Do you know what kind of freedom it is,
bro? To live a life where you do not
care who says what about you. The only
thing you care about is what Allah
thinks of me. So that brought such a
powerful thing to me because, bro, I
felt like I was a prisoner all that
time. I would go to university so my
family can say oh look our son got a
degree for that really I'm going to go
to for that. So that's where I find my
freedom I don't want to give I
want you so like as a reaver like you
know when when you like becoming a new
Muslim you ever go through challenges
like where your iman gets a little lower
like cuz I know people that were born
into Islam you know I know people that
have moms that wake them every day for
fid you know like you know so and they
still go through a lot of struggles of
the dunya. So like did you ever like as
as a revert like like how do you deal
with your iman if does it ever get low
or anything? act like this is one
misconception people have especially me
like if you see me I don't wear this in
the UK I don't wear it cuz if my family
see me it's night night bro they see me
with this they're calling feds bro the
police there's a terrorist bro they
that's why anytime I come to a Muslim
country it's up to me I'll wear this
every day I love that I love it I love
that I love it my whole body bro so I
can't because my family see me with it
it's peak see me with this bro they'll
say this guy's
ISIS they call they call police
the FBI CIA. So, um, what was the
question you asked? Yeah. Yeah. I just
remember, bro, there was a hadith of the
prophet. A man came to him said, "Oh,
messenger of Allah, when I'm with you,
my
immunity." No, no, I got I
got. So then he goes, the prophet said
to the man, "If your iman was as same as
when you left me or when you was with
me, the angels will come and give salam
to you." Meaning when your iman was this
much when you're with me and you left
me, it was the same. Your angels will
come and give salam to you. Meaning,
bro, Sahab's im went up and down. My im
was up and down. But one thing I do not
mess around with, and there's no
tolerance, is salah. I do not care what
I'm going through, what I'm doing, and
may Allah protect me. I'm not saying
this in an Arab way. Salah we pray
because he told me something important.
Zak you only pay if you have the means.
If you don't have the means, you don't
need to pay, right? Yeah. Okay. Hajj,
you only do if you have the means and if
you're able to. If you don't, you don't
have to do it. Yeah. Fasting if you're
ill, you don't have to do it. But for
salah, there's no excuse. Give me
whatever from the Quran that says you
don't need to pray salah. Let me tell
something. If your whole body is you
can't move it, you pray with your eyes.
Yeah. And the salah is the only thing
that was revealed to Allah revealed
Allah to the prophetam all came down to
earth through the angel Gabriel except
salah salah the prophet had to go to the
heavens. So so im goes up and down
actually for me but when it comes to
salah that's a no goes from I haven't
felt like you know I don't and I also
know Muslims I like that like you know
with salah like that's something I
always try to like I always try to make
as well. I know Muslims out there that
you know what I mean like they don't do
salah because they feel like they're too
like not good of a Muslim or like you
know how do you feel about that? You
think that's the biggest cuz I can
remember about I looked into different
religions for three and a half years.
Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam.
Three and a half years cuz I was like
bro if I'm going to put my life into
this. I want to know the truth. I'm
going to study this, study this, study
this. But I was reading the Quran,
reading different religions, etc. One
year or six months before I became
Muslim, I went through the same things
cuz I had a bad habit. I don't want to
go into details. Yeah. And I was like,
"Oh, I can't make this." And I thought,
"Until until I fit this habit, I can't
accept Islam. That's fun. But it was a
big mistake." And a lot of people do
this. We Muslims as well. Oh, you know
what? I'll start praying once I fix up
myself. I'll start reading the Quran
once I fix myself. No, brother, it works
the other way around. You have to read
the Quran so you stop sinning. You have
to pray salah so you stop sinning. It's
not the other way around. We think, "Let
me stop sinning and then I pray."
Correct? Yeah. No, brother. You pray to
stop sinning. Yeah, you get it. It works
the other way around. So, a lot of
people think like I'm sinning, brother.
I was the same. I don't care what you
do, bro. I tell people, girls that go
clubing, brothers that go clubbing, I
say to them, brother, take your prayer,
man. You're in the club. Yeah.
Hopefully, you're not drunk. Whatever.
Even then, when it's Isa, come out that
club, go to somewhere, pray your salah.
Even if you go back to the club, but
clubs are not open at anyways. Yeah.
Some of
them
back in the house. What are you talking
about? Yeah. So, so what I'm saying is
that whatever even this punches Yeah.
Okay. What I'm saying is your salah
don't think Shayan comes and says, "Hey,
you sinned and this this now you're
going to stand in front of Allah."
Prophet, that's that's nonsense, bro.
Please tell me any narration that says
if you're sinning, don't pray. N nothing
exists. And Allah says in the Quran,
prayer keeps you away from sins, evil
deeds. So, you have to pray salah to
stop sinning. Yeah. You you know what's
crazy Ali I don't know like cuz you know
me and I have been through a lot you
know especially on the internet and a
lot of people know about us like tell me
tell no we through a lot a lot of stuff
like in the Muslim community you know
there lot to talk bad about us you know
I'm in the same boat you looked at in a
good light like I'm going give you
example me and I did a video with some
young Muslims right here on TikTok bro
yeah I was going to ask the top comment
is you stay away from Adam and Slim you
know like that's that's that's one of
the top comment every time we get
involved with something in the Muslim
community they just they bash us like I
don't know why like bro I get the same
thing people think I'm in the da brother
I bro do you know I've been called a spy
I've been called the manafik I've been
called the kafir I've been called a a a
uh you want to call free mixer free mix
because I did that show I don't know if
you guys watched the bitter truth show
sisters on one side on one side what
were we saying it's called the bitter
truth show it's talking about gender
dynamics so the sisters will sit on one
side we'll sit on the other side oh I
think I think I think I seen that it was
like a marriage talk right talking about
Mary stuff like cuz there was a lot of
divorce rates happening. I've done it
just so we can combat that. Bro, people
were attacking me. Look at this guy free
mixing with girls. They're like, "Bro, I
get the same with the Muslim community.
I'm not going to say all that. I don't
want to judge them all." But they are
dogs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Let me How
do you How do you deal with it? Cuz see
that's any moment. Yeah. Any moment any
any moment with anything someone wants
to say something, they're behind a
screen, they say something. Especially
at me every time. Sometimes it gets me
mad. I'm just think if I meet someone
like this and I see it in my face, it
it's on sight. You know what I'm saying?
Like it is it is you know what it is? I
feel the same way. Like some people come
in and immedately lose it. Do you get
what I'm trying to say? But the thing is
you have to deal with it in a couple
ways. Number one, I don't want to go
into this spiral which is dangerous
which is like this. Oh, everybody's
jealous of me, jealous of me, everyone
doesn't like me. No, no, that's not
true. There are people out there who
genuinely but you have to s them out.
You don't know. Genuinely are giving you
a seat. But what happens is when you get
so much hate, you think everyone's like
that. That's why to me any time I advise
someone, I try to reach out to them
privately to be like, "Listen, bro. I
don't want to go down that public route.
Let's talk just privately to avoid
that." But then there are those, bro,
they don't like you. They're jealous. I
told you this a couple days ago. They
just don't like you, bro. They don't
like you for, for example, because
you're handsome. Yeah. Mah. Yeah. Okay.
They don't No, no. I'm saying they don't
like you because of whatever. Whatever.
They don't like you because of whatever.
Whatever. And you know what they do?
They mix it with the sake of Allah.
They're like, "No, no, no. I'm advising
this brother because he's he's doing
haram." No, you're doing it because you
don't like him, bro. You got something
personal with him and you're trying to
fit the dean in there to make it look
like, "Oh, no, no, no, it's not
personable." No, brother. So, there's
categories where you're like, "Okay,
sincere advice. True, bro. You shouldn't
do that for the sake of Allah. You know,
you're doing this." Okay. Then there's
those, "Oh, you this, you're caffid
you're going to go to hellfire. Get out.
Get the hell out of here, bro." Yeah. So
I get that and the way you deal with
it's difficult I can't sometimes know
what I do I try to ignore it and some of
them bro they just it gets you bro as
much as it gets you it gets in me I get
it sometimes I've been called so much
names oh mixing with girls so what I do
is bro as long as I know I went to a
scholar I got a fatwa no one I don't
care what anyone says I ask the first
question what I did is that haram bring
me evidence no evidence bye-bye blah
blah take your opinion from throw it on
the world I don't care then again you
get hate cuz sometimes something Yeah,
sometimes even something we did. It's
just they're just like they just like
violate us for no reason. But it's like
do you do we get like good deeds from
them or like do we get like I don't know
cuz No, no, you do cuz you know for
example if for example if I'm doing
something if I go and say guys drink
alcohol. Yeah. If someone advises me and
says what was a bit harsh with me? Yeah.
Okay. Why you doing that? Why you
promoting etc. Okay. He's giving a seal
cuz he sees I'm doing an evil in public.
Yeah. You'll say that's an but if
someone if you for example if you are
arguing doing something which is not
deemed to be haram and he starts backing
let's say let's say argue let's say some
sister wanted to take a picture with you
you're not touching it yeah now nobody
come and see you that's outright haram
they might say better not to whatever
yeah now if someone comes and says look
at you bro you're you're this starts
calling your name prophy's giving you a
good deeds and not only that on your
makyama you will get their good deeds
and If they run out of good deeds, they
will carry you since. So, so it's like
it's in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because the
video is like the video was us and you
know what I'm saying? That's what the
video is. And people still So, what did
you guys What is it? Oh, no. It was just
a regular video with a filter of us
being involved in the comments like, "Oh
my god, Adam is slim stay away. These
are bad people." You know, like it's
it's always like walking Omar was in a
bus like he's like, "Oh, which one of us
going to go bowl for Omra?" It's just
Yeah. It's just that's it. It's just how
do you handle like comment anything
posted people want to even false stuff
people would like mention false stuff
about us it's insane you know like but I
guess that's that's the internet you
know what I'm saying I'm in the same but
please help me you give me some advice
cuz it's probably you just have to
ignore
ignore yeah yeah it's the internet I
guess that it's a toxic uh yeah yeah
yeah toxic I have more questions though
I've written down some questions you
know what I'm saying
yeah in the meantime brother and sisters
got that link in if you would donate for
the sake of Allah subhanaa tala. We're
teaching people how to play. We talked
about the importance of guided prayer
mat right
behind someone. It's amazing. I need one
of those for real. I know some people
who definitely need that in America.
Yeah. We send it we give it for free.
Yeah. We don't charge. Yeah. So they
don't want
um let me see.
You wrote that. So, so do you think do
you think like calling out like Muslim
influencers helps or harms? Like I I
would say I would say it's a dominant
sword because the thing is I don't think
anybody wants to like it depends. There
are people who are like you know what
yeah I need some new content. Who should
I pick up? To me I believe that's a
disease of the heart. If you are
actively waking up and going listen I
need some content today. Who should I
pick up? Who should I pick on? Yeah,
bro. You're tapped in the head. You're
not normal to wake up in the morning and
be like yo I need to pick on somebody.
That's that's a disease of the heart.
Yeah. Yeah. If someone is like however
they're like you know what I want
goodness for you and this brother is
doing I want to adise him. I would say
try to reach out privately. You have to
cuz if you are sincere about your cause
it's not about the views and lies. Reach
out privately. Try to reach out to the
brother. Try to speak to him. If that
doesn't work then you can again you can
do a video where you don't need to go on
a mad one and start yeah brother give
them a brother you know watch your
video. May Allah bless you. I said I
know what you're doing the um you know
and then from there it's it's it's can
build where it's like okay this person
cuz what happens is some people come and
say oh but you've advised foot or that
person or that person you've exposed
this since further you talking about the
guy's got flipping 900,000 views you
talking about oh I exposed it to 50,000
extra people. The thing is this I have
to pick between one individual who's a
Muslim who is going through a life
whatever it is. But that person's mis
what they're doing their sin is causing
900,000 people to think I can do that.
So I have to judge a way between one
person. It's like a sacrifice. Do we
sacrifice this person or 900,000 people?
And in Islam we're like we need to
sacrifice this person because 900,000
people are more important than that
person's journey. Do you get it? If that
journey was private, no one can say
nothing, brother. I'm doing in my
household. You get it? In Islam if oh
this might sound mad in Islam if there
are homosexuals you know homosexuality
they are doing in their house nobody can
even go and spy you are not allowed to
go and be you'll get whipped what
happens in their house they'll be
punished by Allah but you can't go and
be like oh bro if you went to a judge in
Islamic lands and said see these two you
know I think they're homosexual you'll
get lashed for slander bro Islam doesn't
deal with it like that I've just heard
you have to have four witnesses see the
And then it'll be like okay other than
that bro Islam preserves the honor of a
person severely. You can't go and start
talking bad about person unless they're
doing something that is wrong and it's
apparent then no one can come and say oh
but everyone can see it. I love that. I
love that whole witness thing cuz you
know a lot of people like to spread
rumors and stuff you know like some
people will make up like false like
almost every year there's something new
they try to say about me or about Slim.
So it's like um is is weird you know
sometimes when people try to make up
stuff but um uh another thing that you
inspired me I never knew what da was
until until you funny I didn't d was
when I first came to Islam I was doing
da and someone was asking to me yeah you
know your da was good I I was I didn't
know I didn't know what da was speak but
I didn't know the word da meant call
according to Islam yeah no I never knew
that was and now I want to use I want to
use my platform for for for dawa a lot
how do I know like I'm given the the
Right. Yeah. That way, you know. Yeah.
No, actually, you know what it is?
There's different people on different
levels. I will never come and say to
you, listen, you need to start doing
what I'm doing. No way. Yeah. Do you get
it? Not that what I'm doing is amazing.
It's not that. Mine is for a particular
audience. Do you get it? I come here.
It's like me coming now. I put my Yeah.
Let me do brother. That's not my place.
Yeah. What I will say is this actually
that and I'll give you this like and
then let's see if one of us who's one
famous person if you saw you be like yo
forget Ali let's go take a picture with
this guy who would be one person like a
Muslim Muslim no any influence non
Muslim Ronaldo Ronaldo you saw Ronaldo
now let's see what he see what does
Ronaldo do I celebr celebration when he
scores a goal does it mean
anything it means yes like yes does it
means yes Portuguese it means yes Oh.
Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't know
that. Okay. I just sounded cool. So,
imagine. Yeah. We see Ronaldo and we're
like, "Yo, Ronaldo, bro, if you see
Ronaldo, would you go up to him straight
away and go, yo, Ronaldo. Yo, Ronaldo.
Let me take a picture with you." Would
you do that? No, I never know. What
would you do? You' be very careful how
you approach him. Approach him in a
proper way. What would you do? Yo,
Ronaldo, tell me. Tell me. Yeah. You
tell me. How would you approach Ronaldo?
Yeah. I'd be like, "Yo, I I love you,
man. You're my favorite football player.
I I love you." I said Ronaldo, not Slim.
Oh.
I I would say you're my favorite
football player, man. Ronaldo, you're
the goat. You're the greatest of all
time.
Okay, good. You see your demeanor? Yeah.
What you're doing is when you're
approaching them, you're like, "Yo,
Ronaldo, right?" And you're very careful
in like personal space. Yeah. You be
very careful around. Do you mind if I
put my hand out, take a picture? Yeah.
Bro, check this out. Yeah. This is deep.
Ronaldo is a human being. Yeah. Yeah.
When I approach Ronaldo, I would I'll be
I'll do the same thing you'll do. Yeah.
Like maybe I might not be as Ronaldo.
Let me go speak to him. Okay. Some dow I
might accept Islam. Yeah. Okay. So, I
will be very careful. I don't want to
offend him. Can I do you mind if I do
you get what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm
asking a simple question now. Does
Ronaldo pay for your bills? No. No. Did
Ronaldo back you up in a fight, bro? No.
Did Ronaldo come to cheer you when you
were winning those matches? Oh, no. But
to be honest, Adam Saudi and Ronaldo was
there. He probably got paid. He got
paid. He got paid to go to paid to go.
There you go. He didn't know who I was.
Yeah. Okay. Check this out. Yeah.
Ronaldo has done nothing for you guys.
So the hype that we're giving is for
what reason is because we just see him
on TV. Yeah. Okay. Who makes your who
makes our heartbeat?
Yeah. When I eat, imagine if you ate
food and it was painful. But do you know
how terrible life would be? Imagine you
have to eat and then you feel pain. No,
I felt that before. Have you? Like after
biting my m inside my mouth. Every time
I eat I could. It was painful. Yeah.
It's the worst feeling ever. Trust me.
Imagine bro, you taste good. It's made
for you. If you think about it, the
earth is actually serving you. That food
is good for you. It gives you nutrition.
Yeah. Okay. Allah is the one, bro.
Before I was born, before I was created,
he's the one who was there for me when I
was created. He was there for me in this
life. He was there for me when I die.
He's going to be there for me when I'm
resurrected. He's going to be there for
me when I'm questioned. He's going to be
there for me on your He's going to be
there for me.
And I look and say subhan Allah. And
this goes for all of us. When we see a
mere human being, the respect we give
him, the admiration we give him, the
praise we give him, and yet Allah is the
one who takes our after beat, makes our
heartbeat, makes our lungs beat when
we're sleeping and gives me all of those
blessings. And God knows saves me from
so many calamities. I don't even know a
bus is going to hit me and angels
protected me. and I don't give that same
spirit to Allah.
Yeah. Wow. That hurts me cuz I'm of
that. I'm like Allah is doing and I go
and sin and I go and violate his
regulation and I violate his law over
again over and you know what if that if
you've wronged me that many times I
don't want to know you bro I'm so with
all respect bro if you came and violated
me on that level I like bro I don't I
don't know it's be it's fine. Allah says
my doors are always open for you. All my
servants have shressed against
themselves, their sins. Never despair
the mercy of your Lord. Wow. And when I
say this, I get shivers. I get
goosebumps. And I'm like, bro, how many
times do we follow Allah's? How many
times we wake up and we're like, who
cares, bro? Allah, who cares? Would I do
that to Ronaldo? If Ronaldo was coming
and giving me $5 million every day and
said, "You can live in my house and I'll
drive my
car." If Ronaldo called me, we'll run to
him anytime. Yeah, bro. Boom. Let me run
to you. What do you want? And let me ask
you a question. If I said to you today,
I'll give you $10 billion, but you're
going to die tomorrow. Would you take
it? Hell no. No. If I give you the
earth, would you take it? The what? The
earth. The whole earth belongs to you
tomorrow. Which means yes, you're going
to die tomorrow. No. No. Which means
which means life is more precious. Your
life that Allah gives you is so much
precious that if I gave you the earth,
you say no. But do we thank Allah? No.
So to me it's
that as human beings we need to say this
is the lord that protects me looks after
me feeds me man my heart beats when I
wake up and I violate his laws again and
again and again and again and I s give
me another chance another chance another
chance and Allah says in the Quran
there's a verse I'm paraphrasing but
Allah sends signs and signs and signs
until the one persists and persists and
Allah says
We then open the doors for him. Yeah.
Girls, money, cars, everything. Thank
you. And Allah says when they think
they've reached the peak, you know some
I want to touch a whatever. Yeah. He
goes, we need we snatch his soul.
Meaning
thinking and then we snatch his soul
when he doesn't expect it. So the thing
is this is that to us like our mothers.
Yeah. Your dear mother, your your dear
father. I watch some of your
videos man. When I watch it like I see
how you serve your father and that's one
thing that people need to take. I'm so
sorry. People come and say that no
problem. No problem. Yeah. No problem.
Okay. But one thing I admire about you
bro is when it comes to your mother and
father how you do that. How many of you
guys who you come and criticize Adam
enough criticize him before he knows?
How do you do you serve your mother and
father the way he does? Brother let me
tell you something. Someone who prays
salah and violates his parents,
disrespects his parents. When Allah says
in the Quran, don't even say to your
mother, brother, do you think you're
going to go to Jenna? Oh, do you think
Allah says in the Quran, after you
worship me, obedience to your parents,
you can't even say to them, bro, your
dad is ill, you go to hospital, yeah, I
see how you serve your parents. Yeah.
And I'm sure you have shortcomings like
I do, but the point is what, bro?
Obedience to the parents. That is one
thing I admire about you, bro. I look at
them and I say you know what that is one
thing because believers have to be like
that you can't be like this like this
person you can't if you pick out the
fault says this he says some people are
like flies you know fly they they land
on what what does flies land on
who in America
doodoo
doo they land on dudu yeah and they land
on what we like you know so they land in
disgusting places say some people are
like flies they only land on. He says
they don't see any good in someone. Wow.
They're like this. Where's your dood?
Where do you do? That's all they know,
bro. Some people are flies. They don't
want to see any good in they're looking
for fault in you. And what does Allah
saying? Uh I don't find the I think it
says the one that looks for his
brother's fault. So meaning somebody let
me see so I can do a video. The one who
looks for his brother's fault, Allah
will find this fault in his house.
Brother, where is the most place you're
comfortable with where you can walk
quite naked? It's your house, bro. I'm
chilling, baby. It's it's you naked,
naked all around the house. It's mine.
It's my house. Allah says he will expose
you in your house. Meaning your secrets
in your house, Allah will expose it to
the world. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Because you
are too busy looking at the photo of
your brothers, Allah will immediately.
So for those who are watching, if you
are watching Adam Salah and Slim or me,
whoever and you are looking how can I
catch him out, you have a disease in
your heart. And for those who are like
you know what genuinely firstly brother
I would say if you're seeing someone s
whatever it is why are you following him
if that's the
case problem yeah you can give him but I
just believe some people have a agenda
and sorry for giving a sermon I get
passionate sometimes yeah no that's good
I love it I love it so passionate
actually to me it's Allah should come
before anyone you know and I would say
one last thing there was one scholar he
used to always go to the briefs and his
friends would say to him listen why you
come and chill with us always at the
graves. He said, "When I come and chew
with you guys, all you do is remind me
of the duny. All you talk about the
duny." Yeah. The cars and the girls and
then when I leave you, you start talking
about
backb. Because when I go to the graves,
the people in the graves, they remind me
of the and when I leave them, they don't
take it of me. Wow. Subhan Allah. You
know and a verse in the Quran
in
Quran so deep Allah says you are busy
with the worldly
competition until you visit the graves
and then Allah says no surely you're
going to know and Allah repeats the
statement. Allah doesn't repeat the
statement cuz he forgot. He's trying to
make a point and understand two things
from this book. You are beefy with the
worldly affairs. How many of us have
gone? Have you buried anyone? Yeah. Uh
one time in Medina. One time. Okay. Me
like two three people that I knew. Wall.
Every time I went to bury that person, I
stopped the sin and I was committing a
sin because petrified me. I was like,
"Yo, that's going to be me one day,
bro." You know, it's very funny when you
go to the grave, you don't even think
about the person. You're like, "Yo,
that's going to be me one." Yeah. Look
how picky it is. So, subhan Allah. Allah
saying you are busy with the world the
affairs meaning when you go to the
grave look me that's one way and you're
lucky that's one way of understanding
meaning you saw it you come back and
change yourself yeah but the other one
is what you are busy with the worldly
affairs until you die and enter
there's night time my friend you've
enjoyed Allah's blessing and Allah gave
you this and that and that and you did
this do you get it so to us it's
And I said before like this is war and
I've always said this in my videos and I
do here. I never look at somebody when
I'm advising you anyone and think that
I'm better than him. Yeah. You know why?
Because Allah will humiliate me. If I
ever think when I'm doing a video at
this s look at me wall Allah will
humiliate him. Allah will make you
commit the same sin. I always fear
whenever doing someone I'm like oh Allah
forgive me. Inshallah I'm doing this for
the right reasons because brother I
don't want to cuz you don't know me bro.
You don't know. People judge. You don't
know where I'm going to be, bro. But I
might become worse person than anyone of
this whoever it is. Do you get what I'm
trying to say? I can become worse.
That's why do not hate someone to a
level because you might become friends
one day. Do you get what I'm trying to
say? So I never do that. But and I
advise people don't come arrogantly.
I've seen sisters in they look at girls
who don't wear hijab. But look at her.
She doesn't fear Allah. I've heard of
stories. The same sister minister she
committed. Why? Because Allah doesn't
want any arrogance, bro. Allah doesn't
want walking around like, "Yeah, I'm
it." Nah, it's more beloved to Allah,
the repentance of a sinner than the
arrogant mans of look at him. Why did he
please get misguided? I'm better than
him.
And the moment he thought he's better
than him, he proved that he's not better
than him. Cuz he was better than him,
people would bow down. So yeah,
that's you can give me bro cuz at the
end of the day, you know, I'm I'm a
human
being. I have a last question. I have a
last question like what what advice
would you give like to like the youth
that who are struggling with Islam like
what what like kids who are struggling
with Islam what would you this is what I
say to the Muslims yeah
bro I wish I wish I had the privilege
that when I wake up my father says to me
praise salah bro I wish that you know
you know how I used to sometimes wake up
for bro I would have to do it stealth
mode you know those games you play
stealth mode those lasers Yeah, brother.
If my dad heard me waking up in a
specific pattern every day, brother, I
would tiptoe to do mood. Wow. You know,
tiptoe like Yeah. Yeah. That's deep,
man. Honestly, to do wood slowly. So, if
he hears it cuz he's going to be like,
"Yo, why does this guy if you wake up
every morning, brother? Muslims, you
guys live in Muslim households. I wish I
had that my family come and say to me,
hey, salah, my dad waking up for salah."
Yeah,
bro. My dad waking up. My mom waking up.
If you have a family that pray, you can
pray with them. Yeah. Aki, we need to do
James Bond 009. Bro, get 007. This is
009. Brother, I have to go through laser
and this and that to go do anything and
hear me when I go into creek this that.
I know one brother. He was he passed
away east. May Allah have mercy on him.
Bro, the guy his mom would spit in his
face when he's praying, bro. Wow. And he
would have to go pray fud in the garden.
Wow. And he would still pray. And then
we've got Muslims, their family saying,
"Yeah, wake up. Wake up. Salah. Salah.
Salah." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll give
back. I like that. I like that. I like
that. No. I feel like Allah brought us
together here in Mecca for a reason,
man. Honestly, it's a beautiful jump
that flag. No, I I really appreciate
you. Well, honestly, like everything you
answer questions and just us just having
this chat. I feel like it brings us
closer to together. So, man, we're
brothers, you know, and yeah, if there's
any you can give me, I will lie. I'll be
honest with you cuz I'm I went outside
the box. I'm in I don't see it
sometimes. I don't know what's going on.
Do you get it? If I'm posh, give me the
cement. If you come and say, you know
what, I leave talk it down a little bit,
bro. Maybe when you're talking, take it
easy, bro. Please, I'm No, no, man. I
don't got nothing to say. I I have
another question I like is how should we
approach differences of opinion within
the Muslim community, bro? That's such a
fantastic thing, you know. Subhan Allah.
I recently done a video about Harris J
and Mah's um than the thing
they don't reputation video. I actually
spoke to Harish J before I done it.
Said, "Bro, just so you know, there's a
little bit of clickbait going on cuz I'm
a PhD on that." Yeah. I said it's to
tell people cuz I was telling people
listen why you
attacking why you backbiting if they
hold that opinion genuinely brother let
it be okay I hold the opinion that music
is haram but for you to come and say
some people go
he's Satan he's brother the Muslims are
some Muslims are tapped in the head bro
why are you going to that level actually
you're slandering him you're backbiting
him on your can stand in front of Allah
and say oh Allah I I I believe this
opinion was the correct opinion. Bro, I
had the same dilemma with a bitter truth
show. I went to an alim an alim like
proper scholar, bro. He looked at it and
he said, "Okay, few things we need to
amend here, but no one can say it's free
mixing, brother. They don't care.
Muslims, no, you're free mixing. You're
free mixing. Haram, haram haram, bro. I
was getting slaughtered. Cut up." Yeah.
And you know what I noticed? It's
ignorance. Because if you had true
knowledge, you would understand there is
a difference of opinion. It's a valid
difference of opinion. Now if someone
comes and says no drinking alcohol and
not saying no that's the difference of
it's just a matter of halal haram. So to
me it was this point. I went got my
fatwa. I know what I'm doing is not
haram. I don't care if the entire Muslim
world came together. Yeah. As long as I
went and sat with the scholar and I know
I wasn't fatwashing, sat down and said,
"Here's the video. What you think?" If
he says to me it is haram, I will take
the whole show down. Whole showdown.
It's not about me. If he says, "No, it
isn't." I don't care. These Muslims
typing who are depressed in their
household who want to have the hype.
Type say whatever you want. Backbite me.
No problem. Cuz I need that. Give me a
good B. I need that. Give me some more,
please. Yeah. Yeah. That's That's what I
would say. I like that. Mashallah. Good.
Amazing answers. Amazing answers. You
have any questions? No, man. I thought
you was going to say something, but No,
no. I was I was just I was ling to what
you were saying, bro. But man, I
appreciate everything you're saying,
bro. Well, honestly, you're very
knowledgeable, brother. Honestly, this
least knowledgeable. Don't don't fall
for Yeah.
If that was seen, I promise. And people
think I say I'm be humble. Promise you.
I'm the least knowledgeable. It's just I
studied with Muhammad hijab and this
that, you know, I learned from these
brothers. Yeah. Wait. What what did you
think of that thing? That man thing and
her j thing. What did you think of? I'll
be honest with you. Look, I went and
listened to the non music version. And
I'll be honest with you, no music
version, but I would listen to that with
my family. Yes. Non-m music version.
Yeah. Because I liked it. It was nice,
etc. Now, the only thing it was like to
me cuz people like someone done a video
in front of the prophet's grave. I was
like, "Yo, let me check. Let me do some
fact check." People jump in. It was in
front of the prophet's grave. It was in
it was on the outskirts of the masid.
Yeah. And they did say like if people
want to come I think the sisters there
then with their families. Yes. Maybe it
would have been a bit like to my to my
like like I would be like you know what
maybe they shouldn't be in there. They
were not dancing. They were not doing
they was singing something and they were
doing some things. To me it wasn't that
deep cuz that was like this is the worst
thing I've seen. What the worst thing
you've seen is a group of two people
doing a mashed in and they've got some
female followers actually whatever it
is. The worst thing I've seen is shik
people worshiping an idol. That's the
worst thing I've seen. So don't come to
me and say this is what I hate when they
exaggerate it. Oh, what he done was the
worst thing. No, it was not the worst
thing. You can come and say okay it
shouldn't be done. The worst thing is
shift. Bro, that's the internet man
that's saying. Would you say music is
like it's haram or what? Yeah, he
already said it. Look, I believe it's
haram. Yeah. Yeah. That's my Muslims out
there that think that don't think it's
haram. Cuz I see I always see other
Muslims that say it's not. Look, there
are to me I don't believe it's a valid
opinion. But if they follow that, I
can't come and start attacking them. I
can't come and say, "Brother, if they
hold that opinion through whatever, I
cannot come and attack someone because a
difference of opinion on that matter."
Do you get it? Yeah. It's it's not it's
not fair because, bro, you're bullying
someone. It's like me when I got the
fatwa that we can do the show and
someone come saying to me, "Oh, look at
you. You're following your desires. Yo,
D. Yeah, I was getting the Haram,
please, bro. Yeah. Okay. I know how it
feel, mate. Yeah. So, the thing is I was
like, bro, I've got I went to a scholar.
Yeah. So, you can say whatever you like.
Yeah. No, I agree. I think music is
haram, too. So, I I'll admit to you
can't lie and be like, "Yo." Yeah. Yeah.
In bro, just look your channel. Like I
said before, I believe
anything you do like something that
brings closer to people to Islam. Oh,
you don't need to go fullblown da da.
You know what I'm trying to say? Yeah.
You can if you want but what I'm saying
is simple nia simple stuff because bear
in mind when you die and people go to
your Instagram or your YouTube or your
Tik Tok or this that and they start
watching something that is haram bro why
you're going to get sins in the
hereafter it's not worth it I would say
bro like whatever you can do just
getting people closer to you know why
cuz that'll be such a for you if you do
even if you come and say for example
yeah today's odd night yeah guys just do
bad look Quran salah whatever etc. And I
know you know what is another issue is
when you go down the religious field now
they have expectation of you. Yeah.
That's another No, but it's it's good to
it's good to still check this out. If
you're going to get heat Yeah.
regardless get heat doing good, bro. I
do I get heat. Haram get heat. Halal get
heat. But let me stick the halal. So I
would say is even if you do a for
example the prophet Muhammad peace be
upon him said if you protect yourself
from the hellfire even if you give half
a day in charity but that's some deep
reminder and anyone that follows that
you get the reward and when you die
people go to your Instagram they're not
going to come and see some they're going
to say you know what yo Adam Salah left
me what he's died you know what bro that
reminder in because you know what I'm
going to do I'm going to today I'm going
to go and donate because Adam Salah gave
me a reminder And the prophetam said
anybody that calls one to good they get
the same reward without even taking away
from them. Meaning if you have a means
to give for example let's say $1,000 uh
dollars. Yeah. To the project.
So um and I say to you listen listen I
don't have the piece but I know Adam
Salah does. This is my boy Adam you know
this project. Can you donate? When you
donate a,000 it's like I give a,000.
That's what so if you do that all I will
see is simple little things. do that and
when you get the heat or hey whatever
like oh you act too religious brother
you're getting heat anyways now you're
getting good deeds that's what I would
say I love that I love that I love that
if you need anything from me service
whatever you need from me you get it
genuinely bro I just want goodness and I
know you do and I know you have the
potential bro I'm here you get it in man
we meet
again yeah we have yeah or medina or or
America anywhere New York UK definitely
mean Where's Trump? You're listening.
Why did they Yeah. Yeah. You know what I
mean, bro? Yeah. I don't know why. Have
you tried? We did. We just
our rejected. They just didn't get back
to us. Wow. You should try to come, man.
You should try to come. Honestly, come
to New York.
Call me something. You're my cousin.
I'll say you're my cousin or something.
Yeah. Sick place. Yeah. Yeah.
We was there for the
first converted life. They need there
cuz in UK there's a lot like you hijab.
There's so many in USA is rare. Rare
man. That's what we're so happy. Now we
started man the Warner
where's it on? The one right there.
Yeah. Where's he at? Right there on the
Yeah. Right here. Yeah. We're so happy
that in America. Alhamdulillah, we got
like you. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Let
me be honest with you. We was like in
America we need some soldiers and
alhamdulillah you man SQ you know when
we see their da Yeah. Even though this
flag is different kind of da.
Do you accept Islam? Yes, cuz you
forced, you
know, he's here. These beautiful
brothers
here. By the way,
come
make what's sisters fit here. Close your
eyes. You can come now. Yo yo yo, come
on. The man
get gender or die trying. You know what
I'm saying? That's the slogan. That's
the slogan, man. Good to see you guys.
Enjoy the podcast, man. And by the way,
we send him a box of prayer mats. Yeah.
Uh and if you don't receive it, I might
have to send you the location.
Yeah. So we we we supply the prayer mats
to his table. Table
SQS are going to America. That's good. I
feel like UK UK. Yes. You got started
the all the DA stuff. USA never had it.
So they're like the new generation. I
feel like the new generation. So that's
amazing, man. Medina part two. Medina
will do something. Yeah. I don't hold
you guys. Bless you guys. Once again,
please forgive me if I'm going to hurt
you guys. Same here. Same here. Hold up.
Hold up. Yeah. And I genuinely mean I
love you guys for the sake of Allah.
Love you too, man. We love you too. I'm
in the I mean it there's nothing like
you know just I have nothing person of
Islam and ain't nothing like real like
real no true brotherhood like Islam
honestly. Exactly. Exactly. And that
reverse they love that. You can't hack
like somebody like you when you have two
like disbelievers fighting but they
enemies for life. Yeah. Yeah. They see
this like yo man, how's my man was
getting for so many long time they meet
and it's they don't understand like yo
brother how did you squash the beef so
fast
when they said Islam call
me a bro like man brother from New York
we do
session session together and and uh in
time square they need it in brother and
sisters if you guys want a part two let
me know inshallah but it was a pleasure
meeting the brothers keep them in your
dua inshallah and Yeah, may Allah bless
and preserve you guys. Don't forget,
inshallah guys, if you would like to
sponsor teaching people how to pray
salah, the link is there.